OS-specific installation (#235)
GT4SD/gt4sd-core: docs/source/gt4sd_inference_usage_md.md

### A note on the setup

> In the following we assume that the toolkit has been setup using your preferred `conda` `yml` file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following we assume that the toolkit has been setup using your preferred environment file (`conda*.yml`):
```
